Oh how's people out if there was a pair
[Music]
that could give you five minutes expiry
so again I'm embedded with the power
pure power would you take
and what I'm about what I'll do anything
to find nests or listen to my voice my
line welcome to project power our goal
is simple the next evolution of the
human species can make you strong make
you invisible you never know what your
power is until you try push that power
don't ya on the streets they talked
about superpowers but then I'm talking
about how long it could kill you
what's the plan now took some from I
gotta get it back something doesn't want
[Applause]
Justin who's tearing our city apart your
kid have something to do it what do you
think they got the formula we can work
together on this
what do you need just take that the
pills on
it's about to get real noisy
solar power first we stabilize it and we
weaponize how girls wear always goes to
people it already have
they think they could just test their
product on my city to let us see what
happens
but no Batman and Robin that's a movie
this is real life
we're doing this
[Applause]
[Music]
new mutants are dangerous you're not
going anywhere
this place takes your greatest fear
place your live through it
Roberto
[Music]
brain we didn't get out of this together
this place is designed he busts his head
[Music]
oh so hot the New Mutants rated pg-13
and on July 23rd don't miss the New
Mutants panel at comic-con at home his
nature
a gigantic cat and if so who strokes its
back may I introduce the brilliance
Nikola Tesla the greatest inventor of
the age if you google Nikola Tesla you
got 34 million results it's basically
just four pictures
beyond that things get murky and more
imaginative Thomas Alva Edison gotta
like Oh a Tesla didn't see you there
before I now have the pleasure of
introducing you to an awful system of
energy alternate currents just so
transformed the way the world works
no sparks it's perfect where he had been
hiding alternating current is a waste of
time
impractical and deadly you live in your
head doesn't everyone
you lack funding mr. Tesla thinks I owe
him money what was $50,000 yes and
Morgan dr. J Pierpont Morgan
a woman like that can make all your
dreams come true my dreams are true you
won't eliminate you work at night in a
secret laboratory
you shoot lightnings from the earth to
the sky front-rank the tame wild cat not
become nothing but a massive bloody
scratches now you're like being
scratched necessary
[Music]
[Applause]
the world we are living in is a dream
the tussah dream first
[Music]
[Applause]
my people door is closed for the holiday
season to everybody out one-zero dr.
camp I guess when he gets here I'm here
to pick up Erin Walton no need to scan
your license do we need to do this every
time
nope but you're not miss walkins regular
driver I'm impressed you should call me
yeah it's not your girl
oh that's Erin Walton justice ones die
like Supreme Court justice whoa hold on
I forgot my laptop I'll be quick I
promise who's left inside it's just the
two of us or the last ones in
[Music]
did you say your driver was new yeah why
you should call your dad and make sure
we gotta get you out of here
Kelly they need air in our live but you
and Idol shoot on sight
it's too bad we didn't meet under
different circumstances could have been
friends
I want to tell you about radium a most
peculiar and remarkable element because
it does not behave as it should
science is changing and the very people
who are running science are the people
who believe the world is flat and I'm
going to prove them wrong young Maria
Sklodowska I'm Curie your science is
brilliant you're proposing a partnership
that's exactly what I'm doing
you're just extraordinary
there is another element that's skewing
the results you think you found an
undiscovered element you have
fundamentally misunderstood the atom our
works been nominated for the Nobel Prize
for our discovery of radioactivity and
the commendation only mentions my name
I'm just the wife isn't that right what
have they ever treated I am the wife of
Pierre Curie I want to protest in the
strongest possible terms it is a
distinct lack of respect they don't like
you will have other people's opinions
ever affected anything after due to the
extraordinary you change the world
or those that say that radium is making
him sick he's invented a poison
the things that make us weak that the
things that make us strong
why science could cure cancer
this is my bike
and I will win it
[Applause]
what did I do you smell with the clock
ticking is life worth living make a
choice you or I
without decision one will die in this
quest summer left behind this game
employed mine let's do this
[Music]
me
we are innocent
is gone
[Applause]
but my kill list buddy
[Music]
all right we need to kill 24 people to
end the game mmm honey it's so good yeah
mm-hmm
[Music]
and that's when we found out I'd have
schizophrenia a chronic mental disorder
allowing for visual and auditory
hallucinations never normal the N some
people just hear voices good morning
but I see mine I had to switch schools
so here's a straitjacket freak my mom is
on this quest for a cure but nothing
works
just give it time looks like it could be
nice I'm Maya
madam I came over here to intimidate you
decide something Fell's me or homeless
you need anything let me know for the
first time in forever I felt normal
what's with the cookbooks I'm sort of
studying to be a chef sort of where are
you what don't look at me look at her do
you have a problem with eye contact do
you always say exactly what comes in
your mind well it's best to say exactly
what you mean or nothing at all
unrelenting honesty you know
[Music]
you know when I first met you I thought
maybe he's just awkward and unsocialized
but it's not it there's something else I
don't know what to say to that I'll
crack you Petrucelli
when you finally called me I know that
you must be scared and that it's lonely
in your head when you're a cancer kid
people are so eager to grant any wish
you have but when you have schizophrenia
people treat you differently is that why
you didn't tell me because you thought
that I was gonna leave
[Music]
did you see him right yeah he's room
everyone's flawed but admitting our
flaws gives us the opportunity to face
them I'm always gonna see things and
hear things that I shouldn't I can't
what you say that what makes you think
you get to make that decision on your
own
even give me a chance to stayed where'd
you have I love you you have to let
people discover all your dark places
inside because those are the people that
can show you what's real but you can't
see that for yourself
hey I'm right here
[Music]
[Applause]
I've got Grammys
Tony furnish Oscars this is my time I
want to be a global humanitarian I can't
do that without stopping a war Kate just
make it happen what do we know about war
enough to fake one
[Music]
where are the dead kids pathetic
following the distressing images these
apologizing for the story we faked our
planes images of death this is great
more noise please more pain like you
crucified he's on a great it's a daily
wage what are you talking about stop I'm
the leader and I declare peace peace
[Applause]
[Music]
he's gonna stop a war
what do you say do you want to join me
in tainting the world
I'm your universe Kate obey my physics
[Music]
Opie's Doh and their hope is don't move
[Applause]
[Music]
d love we are loved there's no
separation I'm you you're me and the
table you love the table you love me
more the table say what's wrong with it
nothing I've been seeing it for me at at
black and white it's been quite a while
it's happy came out which I loved by the
way it I guess people want to know why
when people said they're like but you've
done I'm supposed to just stop doing it
so they could start here yeah
ideally I'd have just made a film and
I'd love a good answer
it's a veneer the film I'm a phone
person
what's it about my inability to love I'm
fine
no you can end up alone I've written you
saying weird I've actually read them
what do you do so frigid boy on stairs
you just like people who are well lit a
week thank you he looked at me you're
really good at singing congratulations
I need your French tots exactly yeah
it's special
I'm a big fan of Lemnos oh you think
sorry I'm a child of divorce
you two want to talk about the divorce
she nervous thirteen I was five you know
what wasn't your fault
what do you want with stop talking about
all that sacks huh what's your type I I
always end up boutiques like you oh good
I think I'm gonna end up hurting you
what is all this pain that you wanna bet
I mean are you really in pain
[Music]
I think if the shits about a little
secret for me
so two for me I don't think so
[Music]
my name is Marc Gentilly I was born in
Aceh lanza Italy what's this I was
standing there for me oh my god men in
their epistles
[Music]
benvenuto Natalia I'm sorry he did what
Hodgins
it's not like he used to be you know I
can't remember what it is today
I haven't been back in 45 years
Risto baby Colosimo creamy nollie
americano no kind of Daisy
they say America is the same even yet
it's all we must abandon our teeth a
tape of a large oven to actually
register the answer lies in service to
something other than yourself you're
dreaming
sometimes dreams come true hey I don't
know how to make why does anybody know
how to make wine soon okay so we Google
mochi chemical Google Earth
this midlife crisis vacation is not fair
to mom sex in the wine not were that
heavy yeah you know Nora tetouan
or the venti is solid annuity not only
for you but for everybody
I gotta do this the people the town
maybe even me
[Music]
you are going to god-knows-where
michigan wherever that is
you have a contract that pays actual
money
don't talk don't talk don't don't no no
you open your mouth you'll be stupid you
feel a ride in the car with Joseph Paris
this feels like one of those places you
go only if you have to feel that way do
you Walter I can it no not at all in
fact I grew up here escape do you know
who Joseph Harris is what's he in her
class no he's a playwright and he's here
right now who told you about my little
problem your agent
former agent oh I didn't know neither
does she
[Music]
he's reading my pleasure
to feel important don't worry about me I
can take it we criticize each other in
the theater all the time that's how we
grow through the credit criticize ation
I have never been more close I'm more
close than the casket was at my father's
funeral come on I had to meet you to
experience your essence of an essence
the curtain goes up I care about one
thing and one thing only me
this is my family you know our families
have their problems what's so funny this
is how we deal with our problems it
wasn't always like this I used to box
the said if you come and work for us
you never suffer more than a scratch I
said okay how's my boy
Jack has been accepted into a new school
special education place I could do care
of him last we heard about this fella
bite into your one its own nephew not to
that saw a business it's time to get
into that business
show me what you're made of bro you know
my bro we have to do it please did I
don't see ya no no one are you sure it's
definitely dead you did right by your
family I don't want him to be around you
coz of the things that you do I'm gone
there's no leaving
damn to put such a liar animal out of
action
this is not loyalty servitude
Continentals right
don't go thinking all violence is the
work of hateful man
[Music]